[SSL] Include Total TLS instructions in LE chain update doc (#14179)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/reference/migration-guides/lets-encrypt-chain.md

To minimize impact, besides communicating the changes and providing recommendations early, Cloudflare will proceed as follows:

> * Automatically switch to a different certificate authority the Cloudflare-managed certificates where you have not specifically chosen Let's Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatically switch to a different certificate authority for all the Cloudflare-managed certificates where you have not specifically chosen Let's Encrypt.
```

You can then [manage your advanced certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/advanced-certificate-manager/manage-certificates/) to use a different CA if you choose to do so.

### Total TLS

> For [Total TLS](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/total-tls/), if you are worried that using Let's Encrypt might impact your visitors experience, go to **SSL/TLS** > **Edge Certificates** and make sure that a different certificate authority is selected in the Total TLS settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [Total TLS](/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/total-tls/), if you are concerned that using Let's Encrypt might impact your visitors' experience, go to **SSL/TLS** > **Edge Certificates** and make sure that a different certificate authority is selected in the Total TLS settings.
```
